Add an example of the `-X` option using `rg` (#891)
sharkdp/fd: README.md

This pattern is so useful that `fd` provides a shortcut. You can use the `-l`/`--list-details`
option to execute `ls` in this way: `fd … -l`.

> Another example of the `-X` option can be shown with `rg`, using all the search results as arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-X` option is also useful when combining `fd` with [ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep/) (`rg`) in order to search within a certain class of files, like all C++ source files:
```

```bash

> fd … -X rg -i target

Reviewer: Maybe we could try to find a realistic example here to make it easier to understand what's going on? I would leave out the `-i` option for ripgrep. `target` also doesn't seem like a "typical" search pattern for me. Maybe something like:
```bash
fd -e cpp -e cxx -e h -e hpp -X rg 'std::cout'
```
